Good thing: What successes did you have? What went well?
I think one thing that was successful was that I tried to clean up my code more. I had a lot of lines of code commented out and it made the file longer so it was hard to 
navigate things and keep track at my line of thought since if I was looking for a comment describing a function I would have to go through a bunch of comments 
with loops, print statements, or trying certain shifts for the pad and message. I left all the comments there because I wanted be able to look at my old code 
but didn't want to make a new file, so I'm hoping using git will help me with beig able to look back on my old code without using a bunch of comments or 
making a bunch of files. 

Bad thing: What was frustrating? What went poorly?
One thing that was frustrating was when I was making the test cases for my encipher and decipher functions, I realized I didn't have any paramaters 
for the functions because I asked the user for inputs within the functions. When I went to Waka's TA hours, I realized I read the assignment wrong
and completely glossed over it saying the functions needed two inputs, so I had to spend time reworking my code and test cases. It felt frustrating becuase this is an 
issue that could have been fixed if I read the assignment details more closely. I guess a plus of the situation is it made me realize how I needed to 
reorganize my code and leave more comments on the functions or ways of finding them better, like putting functions that come first at the top, 
because it was hard to navigate where things were when I needed to make changes. 

Better thing: What could you do in response?
I'm going to read the assignment details more closely and check them while I work rather than once at the beginning. I feel like I would have made 
things easier on myself if I would have just checked the details more closely because I spent a lot of time trying to get test cases to work with a function 
I didn't realize had no inputs so it was a mess trying to debug since it was just wrong and made me worried about the last assignment rather than focusing on this one. So something I will do bettter next 
time is keeping a comment with any function or program descriptions I need so I can be sure I'm on the right track. 
