Good thing: What successes did you have? What went well?
I think one success I had when doing this homework assignment is when I got stuck on how to continue with the cipher, I kept going rather than just completely giving up, like
I normally do. I also tried to break things up into parts rather than immediately going to trying to decrypt the longer message for homwork. I tried using the pad and encrpyted 
message for "Rally Day!" so I had a smaller scale to work with and already had the pad and answer to so I would know if I'm right.
I tend to only try to get the end result and if I get stuck I tend to stop and not want to start again because I'm worried of being wrong, or I stare at my 
code for so long after being tired and just stressing myself out. I think I spent enough time continuing when I got stuck, but also taking short breaks so I 
can bring in new thoughts for my code. 

Bad thing: What was frustrating? What went poorly?
I think one thing that went poorly is that even though for this assignment we were encouraged to work together, I just did things on my own because I didn't 
know who to work with and how to plan it because of other group assignments for the week and being overwhelmed with meeting people. I feel like peer codig can help but I always worry about being behind 
or holding my partner back so I tend to avoid it and try to work on my own. So I guess for me, it's frustrating that I can't push myself to work with someone out 
of fear of being inadequate. 

Better thing: What could you do in response?
I think one better thing I could do is put more trust myself instead of not asking someone if they want to work together until it is too late. I don't think 
it will be an immediate thing, but I hope to get better at peer programming and coding with others by actually pushing myself to do so rather than thinking 
I don't know what to do and I would bother others by asking to work together. I'm trying to push myself to ask fr help more by going to TA hours more frequently 
but another good way would be working with others. 